alright then here's another little
project that I've been working on I did
fire the Tim Holtz dying
a while back and if you remember I made
the cupcake
besides put in them I made it in three
layers just from the Tim Holtz dying
besides putting them on boxes and that
that I've been making but what I want to
show you is just you know the different
ways you can cook these really really
tiny let me see that and do them all
different size I could have got four on
there actually depending on what you
want to do with them I mean they're all
put together nicely not decorated that
one up at the moment this will not all
I've done his edge dick I using up all
my scraps of paper this was from the
Jack and Jill paper and and then using a
dewdrop
I'll show you can see that I took her
the flower underneath first cut the disc
out stuck it on and then add it to the
flour so you know they do look nice
again use using scraps of paper up can I
catch some waste
so when couple of those pink one edged
it in brown so they look really pretty
and then using some of the gingham
there's a red one using them up and then
piece of white cab but perhaps let's him
I'd you did the same again and just edge
of them all put a little bucks on them
not all of them they've got backs on
some of them how that was just he's
taking up and redoing reap it well he
doesn't matter when you stuck on
something but you know it's really fun I
like that die and the only thing I find
now I don't know if you lot of the same
but the only thing I find about that
particular day and they won with the
Lateran and the it's the tag one and
when you've used it so many times it
tends to you need to really through well
I do run them through a couple of times
you know when you're
through the big shop and I'm not sure if
they wear down our walk but I find on
those particular these particular ones
the thin ones they do and so I don't
know I mean the saw working just run
them through a couple of times they were
just the ones and there you go it's just
another idea and ways of using up your
scraps I don't know I'll use these on
now but I like these because I mean what
you can do with these once you've got
them done is well choose this one I love
this one is take your lace and you know
just gather your less of going around
them if you see the effect you're gonna
get you don't have to have it broad
where she come out put it up there like
that we just see - Shirley yeah but they
look nice with lace see so these lots
and lots and lots of different things
you can do that basically was just
showing you about using up your scraps
there's a what I did I had a lot of bits
left I mean I've got these left now you
know from the people that I've been
using recently look like that chop that
off cut these out in the strips and then
run em under the year die mmm says
wasting them then you can get rid of all
your excess paper so anyway I just
thought I'd share that with you I'll
speak to you soon bye